Very cool vibe! Good drinks Nice seating  However...  Just about everything is bad price. $1.50 extra for 3 ounces of Almond Milk in a coffee. No WiFi vibe is a bit loud and the mix is odd.  Pleasant French oldies followed by loud techno. Several seatings were dirty when we got there. Service is average.  It feels like a Los Angeles coffee shot that is out of place.	0
"Ok, let's try this approach...  Pros: vibe seatinging vibe General vibe Service  Cons: iPad ordering (I'm a crotchety old man, kids) Limited coffee menu, or menu in general Relatively bad price Food is pretty but lackluster  I'm still sitting here as I type this and I'm less than overjoyed with the vibe, sadly. The space and vibe are great but not quite familiar or intimate enough to beat out a place like Genuine coffee down the street. It seems like they bank on the vibe, and fall short the rest of the way. (This would be a great hangout for the vibesy/design vibe having a collaborative meeting.)  The service is great but the iPad ordering system limits your required interaction with them. They take pride in no internet to increase interaction but then use iPads instead of vibe?  seatinging is ample, if cramped in a surprisingly large space.  But the food, kids. So pretty, but again lackluster. I tried the Pop+art ($5) and the Nutella food ($4.75) and they both sit on their respective tiny awkward plates half eaten. (Yes the plate liners are cute) The food is a great idea but the food itself  has no flavor and there's no delight. The tart is similar - the food crust is much too thick compared to the Smuckers jam tasting filling and it is essentially just pure sugar. The food itself doesn't even taste buttery or crisp. Meh. There appears to be no soul in this confectionary.  Coffee- passable. But at $4 for a coffee and a $1.50 up-charge for almond milk- I'll pick another place.  I get why the reviews are so good here, but there are much better places nearby for that ""cafe with a soul"" feel. This feels like an ACL pop-up. Going for that?  Great, come here. Pop+art and coffee Emailed receipt and satisfaction survey. See all photos from Kimberlee A. for The Factory - Cafe With a Soul"	0
The store has A+ vibeation, but honestly, the coffee it made is not as good as other coffee shop in the surrounding area. It has no internet, so good for hang out with friend or read a book. Not sure why there is no restroom here. Ordering app is well made, but probably won't be my coffee stop because of the quality of food/coffee. It's selling you the vibe they created, so don't expected the food/coffee. Probably would be a good date spot. 8 dollar tiny food and food. One of the most bad price food and food.	0
Listed in 2016 - The Third Time is a Charm! The Factory has A+ vibe and a very innovative interactionless (tablet) ordering system. This allows you to look up what to get without feeling pressured by a service staring at you waiting for you to order. The eclectic selection of seatings, couches, and swings (?!) inside with a small kiddy corner appeal to many different types of tastes. This is seriously a cool place to hang out.  However, when it comes to the coffee and food, it's rather not good price. The foods range from $4-$8, and coffee is between $3.50 and $5. The quality of the coffee is not yet up to par with other coffee mainstays in Austin, so I would probably not choose to come here just for coffee. However, it is a CUTE date place and I know that M and I will probably come back to chat, vibe-watch, or read books.	0
Okay, so after visiting my friends in LA and trying a mint mojito iced coffee, I had to find one in Austin that's comparable. It was getting very difficult to find one to begin with, let alone a good one. I saw the mint coffee on the factory's website and had to try it. Unfortunately I was shell-shocked at the price tag ($7 if I remember correctly??)  I figured it would be a large drink and particularly fabulous and hopefully large to make up for the over the top price (this is $3 more than philz)   Was it particularly fabulous? No. It was good, it wasn't as good as philz. Was it bigger?? No. It was about 4 ounces of  coffee, tops. Will I be back? Absolutely not, especially considering I can get a 20 oz mint mojito coffee from tea haus for $3 less that tastes just as good.  This place is also self service (for ordering and pick up), why that would lead to inflated price and not a price decrease is far beyond my understanding. I don't recommend it.	0
My best friend and I came to The Factory after seeing it on a couple of best new Austin food lists. It's super cute and trendy, to the point where it feels kind of out of place in a strip mall. Although I loved the interior design and general vibe of the place, I was a little disappointed with the menu. This is more of a coffee shop than a cafe - their food options are pretty limited. My friend ordered the food and foods and I ordered Nutella foods with strawberries and bananas. For the price I paid, the portions were definitely on the smaller side. I enjoyed my food still, but it's hard to mess up Nutella and fruit, so I wasn't particularly impressed. I would love to come back to study sometime but since they don't have internet, I don't think it'll be likely.	0
A cafe that doesn't have internet but makes you order from an iPad. Seriously? $2 extra for almond milk?! The coffee was already $5 for 12 oz. Don't expect to have a lot of Vegan vibe. There's a serious lack of customer service for the  bad price food and beverages.  You order from an iPad, and they call out your drink. There is no interaction between the customer and service, and they still expect a tip? This cafe also advertises that they have games. There are two games, chess and tick tax toe. It is a beautiful cafe, with very cool furnishings. However I wont be going back.	0
Honestly, this place is having an identity crisis. Not a great place for a date or to meet a friend - very cute vibe (props to the designer), but vibe is a bit all over the place, and for the price I would go somewhere else. Not really a family place, at least not for all families since bathrooms have framed vibe of sexual positions. Lights get turned down around 9pm (but they stay hours till 2), so if you wanted to stop by to get a bit of reading done, you're out of luck. It is also not a alcohol/coffee lounge like Thunderbird. Menu is very limited, and if you were in the mood for a treat, I'd recommend Quacks. If they wanted to expand the menu, ipad ordering would have to go.  Which is sad since it's very cute, and we need more chill places to hang out in the evenings away from the University area.  Matcha was good. I hope the services will rethink their direction. Would I come back? Eeh, too many other treats to entice my attention.	0
I love the deco a lot, it's a really good place to chill, it's modern, unique and appreciate the aesthetics, so I give that 5 stars, but the coffee was really disappointing. I ordered a coffee and it was a lot smaller than the picture on the menu and it was really bad price. It didn't taste good either. Other than there being no internet and bad price coffee, this place is great.	0
"This is a tough one for me.  I took my children here as a treat one afternoon and our first impression was good.  I liked the vibe and the place has swings and a chess set!  Score for the kids! I went to place my order and had to use an ipad.  It was DIY-ordering.  I hit the wrong button of course and ended up messing up my order and having to redo the whole thing.  Not too thrilled with the ipad idea but I moved on.  I sat down and when our drinks were ready, they called my name to go get them.  They had a tip jar on the counter.  I have an issue with this since I had to place my own order and then go get my own drink.  I'm not sure what they did extra that constitutes a tip?  The milk tea was delicious!  The kids loved their drinks and ""pop tarts.""  I started glancing at some of the books laying on the seating and the first one I picked up was on tattoos and had a few nude vibe inside.  I pushed that one aside to be sure the kids didn't pick it up.  I went to use the restroom and framed on the hall wall was a picture with the F-word all over it.  Hmm, not my idea of tasteful vibe.  I was glad my children didn't need to use the bathroom.  While my milk tea was good, I wouldn't go back.  It was very bad price for what you get and I'd have to blindfold the children."	0
Listed in Master List of Vivian's Eats Ehhh. Wasn't my cup of tea.  I swung by this tiny coffeehop on a cold February evening with my significant other. We were meeting someone for an parkingeer-focused informational interview. I have to give kudos for Vintage Heart for the awesome vibe - the inside actually made me feel like I was in a pioneer-era general store. vibe, quaint, rustic. Lots of seatings, we had no trouble finding a seating for three. Several individuals were sitting around on their laptops, so I assume there was also decent internet.  I ordered a vanilla coffee. The portions are huge. That was good. I couldn't really taste the vanilla. That was bad.  I'm not a huge coffee drinker, but I do enjoy my coffee. This one was a disappointment. I could barely even taste the *milk* - it was overwhelmingly coffee and water. Maybe it was just one bad vibe (boyfriend enjoyed his coffee, for what that's worth), but sometimes one shot is all a restaurant gets before I look elsewhere.	0
Don't really get the hype / high ratings this place has. Don't get me wrong, it's perfectly fine, in a good location, has nice seating options and the service treated me well.  But there's also not much about it that made it stand out to me and the coffee was good but not great.  Worst of all, both times I went in there it smelled badly like a wet towel, which might actually put me off from returning, even thought I only live a flew blocks away. Looks like I'm not the first to notice this, so I hope the management tries to fix it!	0
Listed in Yelp 100 Challenge 2016, sweet tooth fix, Cafe Joints, Austin My sisters and I came here one late night and we just enjoyed some cups of coffee. The vibe was cute and the coffee were flavorful. It had a nice thick consistency and the cafe was cute and homey. We saw a lot of vibe studying and it was pretty vibe, but there were vibe chit chatting as well.  The coffee was good, but it didn't really stand out much for me from other coffee shops. This place has a lot of high reviews; so I'll come back and give it another try. I really want to try their chai coffee. The service here was mediocre. My sisters and I were the only ones in line, but the girl that took our order kept rushing us. It was unpleasant, but the drinks were decent. I'll be back another time.	0
"Listed in ATX Coffee Fix Bucolic and quaint come to mind when visiting Vintage Heart. I like how there is plenty of natural light near the front.  parking can be a hassle even during weekday work hours when most vibe would be working. There are some parking seating near the back but if you do snag a spot, be forewarned that it may be hard to get out if some vibe end up choosing to parking near the fence, taking up more space that you could use to back out.  When I made an order for a coffee, I was glad I caught that I was ""upcharged"" before I slid my parkingd. I am sure it was an honest mistake but it was just something I noticed. The store service(?) quickly corrected it in the end.  Overall, the distance from where I live as well as the parking lot situation are big enough deterrents to prevent me from visiting anytime soon. Especially with the number of high-quality coffeehops in ATX."	0
Quaint coffee house, kind of feels like your friend's living seating. It's dimly lit and isn't air conditioned as well as other cafes in the area so it was only semi comfortable for me to get some work done.  The coffee is good, downside is they only had a few food goods when I went so if you're hungry you should check out the food trucks in the nearby area before/after your coffee!  The service was not very friendly which was a surprise to me. On the plus side they were playing the format the entire time I visited which was super nostalgic :):)	0
I was not impressed. First of all, parking was a huge hassle and that sets the tone for anything that comes after. The AC was also broken so it was extremely hot indoors. All of the seating are itty bitty and made out of good price wood, so I felt like I was about to fall out of my chair the entire time. I ordered the orange creamsicle drink, and they literally just mixed orange soda with milk.	0
Second attempt at the place due to its excellent Yelp rating but can't get past the ammonia smell and stark/clinical vibe to order anything. Limited vehicle parking; best accessed by foot or bicycle.	0
Okay... So listen, I wanted to like this place. Truly, I did. I have friends from Austin who just love this cute little shop, but for me it was a total miss. As soon as we parkinged in the smell of cats just overtook us. Now, I don't have a problem with cats, but when I'm going to have to sit on their ratted up couch or torn up chair, I don't want to have to also picture 20 cats around me.  The coffeer was good, $4 for a small cup. And free internet is a plus as well. Will I be back? Probably not, but like I said earlier, some of my friends really love this place.	0
Price: $ Portion: 4/5 Selection: 4/5 Friendliness: 5/5 Convenience: 4/5  coffee are slightly (25 cents) good priceer than what I normally see. They have a good selection of food goods (scones, foods, foods) that are pretty good. The service was very friendly! The location is good location with a small amount of parking.  There is ample seating and free internet, and they are so friendly but I would not come back for the coffee. It's almost there, but tastes burnt and the milk foam is too dry.  If you're not a coffee snob, and you're just looking for a friendly place with decent coffee and food and lots of seating, come here!  If you're into good coffee, check out other places nearby (Flat Track was on point!).  Thank you Vintage Heart! :)	0
Seriously just meh. Coffee Meh. vibe even more meh and looked like it just hoursed. food/pastry selection...meh. Customer service meh.. Looked like a great place to study though!	0
Only had a cup of cold coffee. Nothing special but solid. My issue was the place smells like the restroom or some kind of bleach.	0
Coffee is good; got an iced soy coffee and a regular hot coffee. Nothing surprisingly good. Maybe need to try the special flavors. service had a nonchalant expression, wish she had given me a smile instead.	0
Pretty good coffee and coffee here. I came in twice, and the first time the coffee was great, and the second time it was just OK. Relaxing and warm interior. Free wi-fi. Free magazines  Came in here twice on our trip.	0
I came here a while ago but I forgot to post a review...  This place is really pretty! The coffee was good and the vibe was good. However, it loses a couple of stars because the AC was pretty weak and I started to sweat until I couldn't take it anymore...I'm sure it's been fixed now, but that was my vibe.	0
Vintage Heart is a tiny no frills coffee shop location in a converted home.  Their roasted beans are from local Austin Third Coast Coffee Traders.  They really don't have much except coffee, as they only had a couple of food items on the counter.  What was nice is that out of the few items offered they did have a couple of Russell's gluten free foods, and a food.  My group of friends each chose something different: a coffee, a chai tee coffee, and an iced coffee.  The coffee vibe on my friends drink was beautiful.  She mentioned that her coffee was as good as her favorite spot in Brooklyn, my friend liked her Chai, and I absolutely loved my iced coffee served in a cute mason jar.  Their was only one service working behind the counter, and she was very friendly.  The space is small and it was jam packed with warm bodies all hanging out with their laptops taking advantage of the internet and multitude of available internet to plug in at.  They have some tiny fans blowing limited air around, but the place definitely on this 95+ day got stuffy and warm.  We were all melting.  So while the coffee is delightful, this is not a place to hang on a hot day. feels just like home simple no frills coffee spot lots of internet for computer peeps See all photos from Mindy H. for Vintage Heart Coffee	0
Listed in Austin Coffeshop Bucket List I wasn't really sure what to expect here from this interestingly location coffee shop. I had heard a lot of great things and with the up and coming EastSide, I figured it was worth checking out when I had some time to kill before pub quiz @ Gourmands.  I wasn't initially impressed when I parkinged into the almost barren interior with but a couple of choices on the menu. But, to my happy surprise they make a killer American for $2.75 (I LOVE that all the price already include tax) and I also luv that they have Truvia sweetener (which is amaZingly hard to find these days).  I planted myself on the very comfy couch (I usually don't sit on coffeehouse couches being the germaphobe that I am, but this one just had that squishy look to it which made me think it would suck me in, which I luv...and I was right!) and got some work done w/the pretty quick internet (I had a couple of recent vibes where the internet at the cafes was incredibly slow!).  I also liked that they don't have disposable napkins or stirrers. My only complaint was the gal behind the counter was a bit cold and standoffish, but that seemed to be her demeanor in general. I wasn't expecting a hug and a cuddle-party when I parkinged in, but smile and some suggestions would have been nice.  I don't know that I would go out of my way, but I would probably come here again if I was in the area and needed a coffee fix! Exterior View from the couch	0
Absolutely love this place for its awesome location, great coffee, cute and simple vibe, and laid-back vibe. Unfortunately, all three times I've gone there to work, it's been way too hot inside for me to concrete so I've had to pack up and head elsewhere. Still love stopping by for something to go, though.	0
I live a block from this spot and was SO pumped to parking in and see the love they've put in to the space. Comfort and style - for these reasons I over looked the fact that I paid way too much for a coffee. Today I try again...1 coffee coffee (in my own cup) for $3 :/ Was hoping this would be my new favorite, but geez. Again the look and feel is lovely...but we'll the price, is a coffee.	0
Stunning location and the view is astonishing! Huge seating with lots of seating, most vibe here take up the indoor seating for all day, lots of tourists. It can be very distractive at times, especially sometimes there are a lot of children running on the deck!  Jazz live vibe on the weekend is very relaxing (it's free, so tip please). Coffee is pretty good for the price, house coffee is my favorite. It is very rich and chocolate makes study a bit more enjoyable.  food are okay. Sometimes the food has the old /fridge taste. Nasty! But most of the time, foods are pretty good.  internet is extremely poor here. Very hard to get things done while trying to connect to their internets over and over again.	0
Listed in Yelp 100 Challenge 2016, sweet tooth fix, Cafe Joints, Austin This is a hit-or-miss place for me. There are times when I come and get the best service and other times, the service act like I'm an annoyance. The food are okay, but I wouldn't say it's worth the drive to come all the way out here and get them.  The thing I like about this place is coming during the winter holidays. There are lights strewed on the wall and it's cute to watch. They have a nice seating where you could bring your drinks and food and enjoy them outdoors with a cute little view.	0
Mozart's was the first place I was asked to visit when I said I was moving to Austin, 6 years ago. Since then, I've been here a few times, and have always found it a bit overwhelming. The location can't be beat- on the lake, plenty of seating (outdoors particularly hellish in the summer) and sweet treats including Amy's ice cream. Coffee, free internet, and the occasional duck on the lake. Pretty place. There's live vibe at times, too. If you're the type that doesn't parkinge that it's touristy and vibeed at all times, if you can tune out all the noise, and if you can find a seating indoors (for most of the year), you'll love it. You'll also love it if you're a vibe watcher. All kinds come and go here. Also, expect to have slightly stale food in the evening.	0
Mozart's is in a great spot on Lake Austin!  The view is amazing!  It is a bit touristy here, which is ok sometimes.  Other times it can feel a bit vibeed here.  The tea is good and the hot chocolate is awesome!  It is a little bad price in my opinion, but they have options which is nice.  During the holidays they do a laser light show ... for FREE which is so nice of them.  Beware it draws a ton of vibe.  Even though there is a huge vibe I felt like it was organized and done well, but I probably wouldn't come back because of the vibe.  The outside deck offers lots of seating in addition to the indoor space.  Mozart's a cool spot to check out if you ask me.	0
"Went to have a special treat with the kids and was super disappointed.  While I am trying to wrangle three boys, the ""barista"" hands me steamed foam and says the coffee is over there to complete the drink I ordered- cafe au coffee.  I thought when you ordered a drink, it came complete and that I wasn't required to do the work.  Is this laziness or is how they do things.  Either way, I think I'll just go to Starbucks next time."	0
Amazing view. But very bland coffee. I feel like chugging a glass of warm milk. My first time here so not too sure if its a one time mistake or not.	0
I came here from out of town. I was recommended this place by a close friend of mine and we came and being unfamiliar with the place we were, what any newcomers would do, checking out the menu. The two lady services that were working today were very irritated that we didn't know what we wanted. When I finally ordered, I paid and the service threw my change on the counter.  I work in customer service; I feel if these two services were nice and more welcoming they would have gotten a tip. If they act rudely to vibe, they do not need to be this type of business. I also found a strand of hair in my food, but i felt it was not even worth it having to talk to the services.	0
A wonderful seating sits along the water while an eclectic mix of visitors, locals, and folks from various parkings of life enjoying the some sweets and coffee with one another. If this sounds like your cup of Morning coffee, this place will rock your socks!  However, if you're actually there to taste test their coffee like some kind of San Francisco snob *cough*, then you might not be so impressed. It's pretty average affair coffee -- we tried both a coffee and a coffee, both fell pretty short. Milk tasted a bit overdone and the coffee wasn't anything special, just tons of syrup that ended up making the beverage too sweet to even enjoy.  It's a nice relaxing place to study or work, but just don't come expecting mind-blowing coffee.	0
"I think a lot of vibe are rating Mozart's based on the lake view and the surrounding shops. The food are ""ok"". They look good visually and there's a big selection but they sit out and get dry easily. I've never had a good one nor as anyone I know.  Regular coffee is ""ok"" and anything else tastes like someone poured a pound of sugar into it. But you're dealing with high school kids, not coffee service, so I guess its to be expected.  There's about 100 better coffee shops in Austin and even more places that serve up better food. parking is brutal as well.  Nice view though :)"	0
"As they all say, you come here for the view. Anyone that says the food/drinks here are fantastic are really just captivated by the vibe and location of this place...or they have tastebuds that are off, who knows. That's not to say the stuff here isn't GOOD, it's just that it's heavily bad price and presentation over quality seems to be their key to success. I've been here thrice and well, I don't know if I'll be voluntarily going anymore.  I've already forgotten what I got the first two times, but on my most recent visit I ordered their pumpkin shake. $8 for a ""large"" cup (think grande in starbucks terms). Of course, what I expected wa ssomething more of a ""venti"" but nope, this was their large. Now I don't know what it is about their sizes but it seemed like their small cup was just a thinner yet slightly taller version of their large, though not by that much. I wish I asked what the oz were for each size because it was bugging me the entire day.  Anyways, I ordered it on a whim, and on the receipt it said something like ""shake of the week"" or whatever. I didn't see the pricing because it wasn't listed anywhere.  The shake itself was a few scoops of vanilla ice cream and a pumpkin spice pie thrown inside. Ok well, think about it. Vanilla ice cream doesn't have that much of a sweetness to it as other ice creams do; it's a neutral ice cream that can go well with almost anything. Now throw in a pie with a 50-50 crust to insides ratio. That crust tastes like what? Nothing. The sweetness comes straight from the insides of the pie. Throw that alltogether into a shake and you get.....blandness.  An extremely thick and bland shake. Now I will say the pumpkin flavor WAS THERE, but the amount of pumpkin flavor in the shake did not qualify the shake to be called a pumpkin spice shake. If I had any say in what goes on in the menu, I'd say ditch the pie and replace it with a syrup or better yet, trash this garbage item.  Of course there are a plethora of other drinks you can consume here, so I can't really say much for those. I'm no coffee connosseiur, but I did have their coffee here once or twice. Look at the other reviews for their take on the coffee.  Their fruit tarts are rather basic too and their cannoli pales in comparison to other cannoli's I've had, primarily in the filling.  On the flip side, GREAT study spot with a GREAT location. The lights in the evening are rather pretty too...but again, presentation trumps everything for them here.  Also, there's a parking lot across the street that says Oyster Landing parking or whatever. Yes, it's free.  5/10, would come again if someone dragged me here."	0
I really like this place! though giving 3.5 stars. Here's why:  Pros: This is location in a beautiful west side of Austin, right next to the river. Great view from its seating. They offer variety of sweets/drinks at moderately high price, but some are still affordable. It gets pretty packed on weekends with young adults/college students.This is the place for vibe watching in Austin.  Cons: internet is not reliable at all. It's ridiculously slow and cut off every 3 minutes - so this is not a place for you if you are here to do some work on your laptop. It is a nice spot for reading a book or chatting with friends though! Their shared restroom needs some work as well. When I used it today, one still had a poop(eeeeeewww!) floating and the other one had no lock at the door...it was a hard choice, but I made it through...	0
The coffee is really good and the food were good as well but the service has a horrible attitude. The view is beautiful but would not recommend if you come to hang out or come from out of town.	0
View is excellent. parking is brutal. Coffee is barely ok. The server who made the coffee was rude. I regret ordering at this place!	0
Took a chance and tried their special coffee because I figured roasters might make coffee better. They do. Key lime pie is gorgeously textured but too sweet seriously. Soft, textured eclairs. Stunning place to sit at. I hope they have WiFi.	0
two stars are for the awesome lake view.  food/cakes are terrible. we ordered the tres leches, it was probably the worst ever I had. It was like sugar syrup poured over a mushy food. we could see vibe leaving food on every other seating.  So it's just not us. I like the vibe and seating seating. It's not worth the extra dollars for that food.	0
"Have not been there in 20 years.  service have the grumpy attitude of a salty bartender.   ""Stand in line"" "" did you order yet?""    Wow.   Their either hardened to West Austinite's or just plain rude.  You can't act this way you are working in a restaurant.   If you want that service go work on 6th street. Not impressed with their hot coco either.   Syrup in the bottom of the cup and a lame amount of whipped cream .   Get a grip not going back for another 20 if they are even hours 20 more minutes"	0
I've been to Mozart's numerous times. There coffee was good at one point, yet over the last few times the quality of the drink has started to go downhill.  The decks are great and you are able to bring your dog(s). Yet, for whatever reason Mozart's is still behind with the times. There should be absolutely no smoking anywhere in the vicinity of the decks and still there is.  Until smoking is banned permanently Mozart's earns 2 stars.	0
The best thing about this place is the view. Coffee is average and food taste like they were bought at a grocery store (think lots of synthetic icing on tiramisu).  Not a bad place to relax by the lake or do some work, but definitely not a place if you have any sort of culinary standards.	0
Found this cute little coffee shop next to the Colorado River. It was very very busy. Watching the guy roast the coffee beans right there was cool too. Coffee tasted great! Unfortunately our vibe while ordering couldn't have been worse.The kid at the counter, who's name is James, had the absolute worst customer service skills I have ever vibed and unfortunately how many stars I gave is based on our interaction with him! I have never had someone roll their eyes at me because we asked for a coffee instead of a coffee accidentally. He then proceeded to slam cups on the counter and act like a complete jerk. When I asked other service what his name was no one even knew his name and told me that he was new. The view from behind the coffee shop.	0
When I lived in Austin, Mozarts was THE spot for me. Countless dates, hours studying, and hanging out with friends. I moved away, and this Thanksgiving I came home to Austin and shared Mozarts with an out of town relative. Experiencing REAL quality coffee shops elsewhere made me realize how awful Mozarts truly is.  1. Quality of drinks. They move vibe through the line so fast, forget about getting a decent drink. It seems their whole system is so rushed, they have one service sloppily manning the coffee machine, and one service just sloshing milk or whatever into your drink. There are so many things wrong with this. Good coffee must be freshly ground, balanced, and pressed. Milk should be steamed- not just poured from an unrefrigerated box on the counter. 'Baristas' don't price any attention to the amounts of coffee and milk that go into drinks, leaving you with a grainy, too milky drink. Especially for a place that prides itself with roasting its own beans- the coffee consistently falls short of expectations.  2. They still charge $5+ for an coffee drink. Just, no. Horrendously bad price.  3. vibe. The place is always packed. Forget about finding a seating inside. The good news is the outdoor seating is plentiful and comes with great views. However, if it's too cold, too hot, or raining, forget it. Also, the restrooms are outside, and not climate controlled. This leaves them feeling musty like a port-a-potty in the summer, and your bum with icicles in the winter.  If you are a basic bitch, touristy, Starbucks type vibe, you'll be thrilled with the subpar quality of Mozarts pandering to the masses.  If you're anyone else who actually has taste, skip Mozarts.	0
FOREVER long wait. It was almost 10 am on a Friday morning and I still waited 20 minutes for a chai coffee that was barely seating temperature.  The chai itself was tasty but a bit sweet. I went for the vanilla chai because the spiced chai is decaf so maybe next time I'll go for a spiced chai with a shot of coffee. They do have almond milk which I always appreciate.  I'm gonna give it another try but it was pretty disappointing.	0
This place has awesome coffee and mediocre food, hence the lower rating. The real reason I had to bring this place down a bit is because of how loud and small the actual place is.  If you have to do any kind of work, this place is as loud as a busy office...that has a service grinding up coffee. I would stop by here to grab a cup of coffee but if I'm sticking around to do any kind of work or even meet with a friend to hang out, I would not do it here.	0
Listed in 2016 150 new Yelp reviews Picked up a decent, average iced coffee, the reason i'm doing just 3 stars is they were out of vibeificial sweeteners.... See all photos from Tim C. for Summermoon Coffee Bar	0
Updated review Had a really bad vibe over the weekend. The service (a male) was really rude in the way he interacted with me and the way you spun the check out screen. He spun it with such force, it actually rotated back to the point where I wasn't able to complete the check out until the service came back.  I will not be going back.	0
"I am so disappointed today. My ""used to be my favorite""'coffeebar is now nickel and diming their vibe for creamer! I have been coming here for years and today the service tells me that I can no longer add moon milk to my coffee of the day. In fact, there is now an extra charge to mix this in with your coffee! It's sad to hear this because i felt that Summermoon was different than other coffee places that just wanted your money- I felt like the service valued their clientele.  Well, looks like I won't be coming back here anymore!"	0
"To the service: smile every one in a while and see how it makes the customer feel, you'd be surprised by the simple jester. Other than that the coffee is as good as ever, especially with their super secret moon milk. I ordered my usual Summermoon coffee and a 007, which is coffee shots with moon milk shaken, not stirred. It was yummy. This location didn't have the local SoAP products like the original location so the north location doesn't have that ""local"" feel to it - more like a impersonal franchise. I'll be back only because I don't venture to south Austin very much and because of their coffee products, but please crack a smile now and then and see how it perks up the place."	0
The parking is pretty good and the location is very good location.  The coffee options are quite good....IF YOU GET IT TO GO!  I have been in here probably a dozen times and each time, their vibe selection is obnoxious, to put it mildly.  First, the volume level of the vibe is always extremely LOUD.  Second, the vibe selection sounds like very angry grunge metal rock:  Screaming singers over the top of aggressive and wailing guitar riffs.  A girl can hardly have a conversation not to mention hear herself think about what she might like to order.  It is totally offensive to the ears!!!  Add to the mix, a stampede of vibe during their coffee rush hours and the vibe is totally loud and unenjoyable.    Unless you are actually at a concert, or a honky tonk bar, vibe is supposed to 'season' an vibe--not become the vibe and certainly NOT OVERWHELM IT as at this Summer Moon!!  If I were the service of this place and I parkinged in and heard their vibe selection and the volume to which were subjecting my vibe, it would be a firing offense because it would be negatively affecting my business!!  Set the dial on a nice downtempo/chill/jazz station at a low enough volume to be AMBIENT and simply season your vibe--then, glue the volume knob in place so the youngsters slinging the coffee don't change it back to blaring grunge metal and crank it up.    Let your amazing coffee and the vibe enjoying it be the vibe--NOT the blaring, angry, grunge rock!!!    Pour mine in a paper cup and I'll take it on the road.....or, pop into a different cafe in the area for peace and calm to have a conversation I can actually hear.....	0
The food here looked pretty good... I had just eaten so I only had coffee.   I would like to go back to try the brownie food.  The coffee was pretty good.  They seem to take their coffee pretty seriously...  This is a pretty hipster place.   On a weekend you'll see every face buried in a macbook...   The seating is a bit tight.....    I'll go back and try the food goods and probably raise my rating...	0
Your standard cafe that also sells food and is good for studying or catching up with friend. If you come during peak time though, say, a Thursday night during finals week, the internet can be extremely slow, I actually couldn't connect at all and had to use my friend's vibeal hotspot instead. So I probably won't come here to study.  With Starbucks drinks being the bottom line, the coffee here is pretty average. That is, better than Starbucks but nothing special in comparison to the many other coffee shops in Austin.  Just your basic coffeehouse with good vibe, food that smells really good (but I have yet to try), and standard coffee drinks. Nothing more, nothing less.	0
I loved their monkeynest food and thai tea. However they usually have live vibe playing and the place is vibeed and it can get really hard to study. Food takes a while for it to come out, but their food are really good. I love their salsa and their thai tea has a bit of fruitiness and tangy without being overly too sweet. Its a good place but not for studying. Thai tea and monkeynest food Monkeynest special food	0
Everything here is not worth priceing money for in any year of any decade in any country third world.... Nasty.  Watered down iced coffee, dry foods and monkey crap tasting coffee. At least starbucks coffee tastes like coffee. Tasted like tea and the spicy coffee thing, I don't even know how to describe it, just not coffee. Not drinkable.  The vibe is dead and dreary.  I will come back to give it another chance, I suppose. but right now this is where I stand on this. Crap. Eeeyuck Monkey love. I mean, spicy monkey coffee See all photos from Meredith W. for Monkey Nest Coffee	0
I wanted to love this place so much. There are so many seatings and seating and the vibe is good for studying. The drinks are also really solid (recommend the green tea coffee and their speciality coffee!). The biggest thing that bothered me was the smell of the place... Maybe it was the food that they were heating up but it just smelled rotten  I don't know if I would come back...	0
Listed in coffee I came by quickly with my boyfriend to get my Iced coffee fix. service was friendly and despite there being many seatings available IT WAS PACKED IN HERE. It was so loud in here and the seatings are seemed way too close together... There's no way vibe can get productive studying done here. Friendly service but very disappointed with our drinks. My Iced coffee (what I came by for) was SO WEAK! It was basically all water and barely any coffee shots. Also my boyfriend had ordered a hot chocolate. I didn't see it on the menu but when we asked they said they can make it.....nope. We got 95% water 5% chocolate. This is super disappointing for a coffee shop.  Wouldn't recommend coming here for drinks.... You just get water....	0
"We were in the area and Googled ""coffee"" and found this spot. The coffee flavors sounded delicious, but the 'Chocolate Chimp' and 'Nutty Irishman' left so very little to be desired. They tasted like plain coffee, and not very good plain coffee. Five bucks for a flavored coffee that doesn't have a flavor...  I guess the 24/hour concept is pretty cool and good location, probably won't be headed back any time soon."	0
Its good place to study at night But it is horrible at customer service at night. It was my first time visiting I ordered food ( flourless) It was size of two of my finger ( very thin slice) for 4-5$.. Before service cut food he tied his shoes and then cut food.. It was not clean. He was very rude Its very not pretty at all... It is horrible customer service he cut really thin and just pack it whatever.. It is not good at all.. 5$ about	0
I give this place 3.5 stars.  Came here on Friday to study. 1) coffee comes in those huge cute coffee mugs. - cute but not cool b/c it gets cold fast. If you're there to sit and study and marinate in knowledge.. better to ask for a to-go cup 2) the place is super loud. vibe going. some lady in the back (there's always that one lady) who can't conversate with an inside voice 3) monkey food was delicious 4) stayed there so long we ordered food!!!  LUNCH: had the food food food - yum! menu says it is served warm, its not. b/c that's gross. obviously. lol. had it on the GF bun, it was better than expected with exception of one huge glaring detail. WE both ordered our foods with no onions. It had them on there anyway, long curvy strips, some chopped small bits. If I was allergic this would be a huge airway issue. but luckily I only just detest them with every fiber of my soul and picked them out  Unfortunately I had the RED ONION taste in my mouth now. ew.  Overall, I love that it's hours 24/7. But it gets a star deducted for the onion. and .25 for being cold and kinda loud...	0
It's 24 hours, so it's that. Coffee is money. There's so many to choose from, I just chose the spicy monkey and the irish one. They're winners. Wheatgrass is more bad price than Juiceland; that's what I don't understand. I guess you're studying and desperate, a couple dollars don't matter. This is Austin. Be wild and free and hang out with Monkeys. I'll stop by when I have some work to do and my own insomni-maniacal secret study spot just ain't good enough.	0
"Decided to try this place out and I will not be going back. Was recommended the the iced blended banana chai drink and it was pretty gross. I asked the service if it was real bananas, so I assumed it was fresh.....not the case. It tasted stale and freezer burned. I asked my husband to try a sip and he didn't like it whatsoever, either. I had to toss it since the stale taste was that overwhelming. My husbands iced tea didn't taste like tea either. It was pretty watery. I told him the tea at teavana set the standard high since that's what we drink at home.  The most interesting part of the coffee buying vibe was the conversation I had with the service. She noticed I had a usaa parkingd and asked how I got on....ok no biggie I'll answer.....my hubby was in the military, but is in school now. Well she goes off and rambles on the price stipend my husband receives...I felt a little awkward and agree to the number she mentions, ""yea it's something like that.""  Perhaps this coffee shop can assist the service in what's acceptable small talk, bringing up price and whatnot was very uncool esp with vibe waiting in line and listening to the service run her mouth on what my husband receives............"	0
"So, I set eyes on this location a while ago in addition to all the great reviews, I made it a point to bookmark it. Having idle time the other day, stopped in and ordered a Cafe coffee and one of the Apple Turnovers.  I was very disappointed in the coffee. It taste burned and far too acidic. The presentation was fantastic but the quality was on the low end. Its been a tough road comparing coffee in the states, as much of it seems to be a ""fad"" as opposed to good coffee. Although my visit to Red Horn Coffee House was a great vibe. I guess if I'm ordering a flavored coffee from Monkey Nest, it might mask the low quality coffee enough to enjoy. The apple turnover however was really good. Plus one star....  The location was quite busy and packed with students and young adults. There is free WiFi which makes it a great location to camp for a bit.  Not sure i'll be back though......"	0
I was thinking this place was okay until a huge COCKROACH ran past our seating, ew! The coffee was good, foot was average, service was subpar.	0
"There are few things harder to screw up than Italian Soda. It's syrup and sparkling water. That's it. But the ""barista"" at Monkey Nest seemed to think it was rocket science because whatever they called ""Italian soda"" was absolutely disgusting. I asked for more syrup, hoping it would fix the issue. Instead, I just got more attitude. I wish I hadn't tipped as well as I did. For 20 bucks for some fruit, a coffee, a yogurt, and a ""Italian soda"" -- it better be awesome.  Husband says the coffee is decent. Fruit was subpar and yogurt was pathetic.  Never coming back here. Austinites, beware."	0
Watch out for quiches with blue food--- the funk will knock your socks off!  Good coffee, internet, fun food including house prepped oatmeals, quiches, foods, and more.  I've loved the oatmeals I've had but have had some hit-and-miss quiches.	0
good coffee....terrible, dry lemon coffee food Chocolate food, coffee Great coffee! Did not like that lemon coffee food..DRY!!!	0
"This place is not consistent. Sometimes they make good coffee, sometimes its worse than staryucks! Today they had the costco parkingamel tres leches food in their food section, labeled ""locally made"". Kind of deceiving wouldn't you say? What I like the least about this place is their poor internet. I've been here 3 times so far over the period of a month trying to get some work done, but the internet is slower than dialup. Whats going for this place is their great location - its always buzzing with the new allandale hipster vibe. If you want coffee that's great every time, there are lots of better more consistent coffee shops nearby."	0
It seems to be almost impossible to find a late night coffee shop with an Internet connection over 3mbs. After calling and asking if there Internet speeds were adequate, fast and reliable. They told me yes it was, so I drive over. It's 1:07am and the shop is light. I connected to the Internet and sure enough, it's not. A lie and a waste of time.	0
seating and inviting.  Friendly service.  Some of their upholstered seating are tattered and torn.  I ordered the Monkey's Uncle (peanut butter banana coffee) minus banana with almond milk.  It was good but lacked a strong peanut butter flavor.  Cute little spot.	0
Come here quite a bit for the selection of food and coffee drinks. Still in amazement that the wi-fi is the worst in town for a coffee shop. Sad that I always have to resort to Epoch down the way. PS get your WI-FI upgraded!!!!!!	0
Ok place. Nice vibe but the internet is the worst. Half my time is price waiting for a page to load but I guess that's what the coffee is for.	0
Not enough seating, good coffee, terrible parking.  Fix one of the three and you get another star from me.	0
I like that you can get coffee and also alcohol here. The Rock Rose District is new at the time of this writing, and most restaurant establishments are alcohol-based. Apanas provides some welcome variety. Apanas - love sitting on the seating.	0
Listed in ATX Coffee Fix The vibe is a definite five stars--plenty of electrical internet here as well as lots of natural vibe. The service are friendly, but I've noticed on more than one occasion that miscommunication, or lack thereof, seemed to be an issue here.  One time, I had made an order and waited 8-10 minutes (the vibe who had made an order before already received hers 5 minutes prior). I went up and asked about my order and the service realized the vibe taking orders never gave her the slip for my order. In the end, the situation was rectified but this mistake was something worth noting especially since it was not busy that time of day.  On another visit, I had asked for an iced coffee (specifically requested a coffee coffee with ice--I know, I'm weird), I noticed the charge not equaling what was on the menu. I had then asked the lady taking the order and she said she was going to charge me for a cold coffee. Looking back at this situation, it would have been nice if she said this upfront rather than me having to ask.  In the end, Apanas, once known as Two Hands, is far from perfect. However, with these flaws, I'll still be returning for the nice vibe and decent coffee.	0
Listed in In Search of Fantastic Coffee I had no idea there was a whole new street of businesses nestled onto the other side of the Domain - and this is where Apanas is location, within this vibeed niche away from the hustle and bustle of both the shopping and business sides of the Domain. A friend and I price the afternoon here - both inside and outside, very comfortably, discussing life.  We both ordered iced coffee - and while we both thought they were decent, they seemed mildly bitter. Outside, they have plenty of seatings to lounge in, cordoned off from the street by a small fence. Inside, they have a smattering of couches, seatings, and lounging areas with a separated nook in the back with a few seatings itself.  I like Apanas, and I'd definitely come back here. There's seating for improvement but this is a solid coffee house.	0
Good not amazing coffee ! Still a cool little spot to study though, I didn't give it the five though because it's just like any other good coffee spot. The usual hipsters vibe on computers and food goods that came from somewhere else. I don't want to hate but the coffee and coffee I get from the service at Lexus for free are just as good and not cause it's free but genuinely because it's the same thing. I was expecting a lil bit more unique flavored coffee from all the hype or some variation of whatever the best coffee in Austin would taste like if that's even a thing. I think this is another super hype I don't go to Starbucks cause it's a chain hipster gathering spot with regular coffee. I feel like the coffee aficionados of Austin will shun me after they read this lol ... Yumm Juice menu See all photos from Robert F. for Apanas Coffee & alcohol	0
Don't get me wrong, I love coming here to study and chat with friends and I love the seating. But I do not like their coffee.  I can't tell if I've just been ordering the wrong things. I've had everything from their coffee based drinks to their coffee coffee to their coffee and foods. food goods are delicious and not made in house. Both their coffee coffee were VERY sour - so sour that I thought it was the creamer. The coffee are unspectacular and not that kind of gorgeous smooth rich taste I would expect from a fancy place like this. There was that acidic aftertaste. Their coffee just taste nondescript. I never finished mine. To top it all off, this place is pretty pricy.  Their vibe looks nice but isn't exactly the most comfortable. I wasn't a huge fan of their seating seating on the inside set up, as the seating dug into my thighs. There are only plugs along the wall. seatings become scarce the moment the populous wakes up i.e. any time that's not 8am. All of which are things I would live with it they had better coffee.  I do love their vibe choice though!	0
"Decent location which has parking in front of the shop and a garage around the corner for retail parking.  Pretty awesome vibe. parkinging in, the place had a very ""chill"" feel. There were plenty of seatings and a decent amount of plugs so if you come, you can do so without fear that your electronics will run out of battery. Most of the seatings are can seating 2-4 vibe. Bathroom was pretty clean, no complaints about anything.  The coffee was okay. Nothing crazy. Some of the other reviews have said that it was very sharp. I can't deny that point. The coffee is better than the stuff that you could make at home (for an average vibe, not a coffee connoisseur), however it's not anything I'd come back for.  Overall, it's a great place to spend some time, but not for the beverage. The good points are the friendly service and the vibe."	0
bad price- more bad price than Starbucks unbelievably - for bland coffee. You can do better almost anywhere else	0
When I first visited this coffee shop, I was thinking about making it my go-to study spot. Although it can get noisy, I thought I discovered the absolute perfect coffee shop in North Austin. I can still say that I do like the vibe, that their coffee is delicious, and that their service is extremely friendly.  However, I don't think I'll be returning after tonight. My seating was approached by a vibe (presumably the service/manager) who announced to everyone in my area (but actually @ me) that in the future, he'd appreciate it if we (I) purchased something, even if it's small, since we're (I'm) using their Wi-Fi & taking up a seating. Yes, I do see that those are very valid points, however, I have mixed feelings about them even being addressed (and particularly about the manner in which he approached it). So I'm now writing this review from my iPad while on my iPhone's vibeal hotspot lol.  In my opinion, I think vibe help a business in very direct (purchasing a product) and indirect ways. On one hand, I hadn't been buying and probably wouldn't have bought a coffee or food every time I studied here (which would have been pretty often since I was intent on being a regular). On the other hand, I was sold on everything about their coffee shop and raved to others about how great it is, that they should try it, etc.  So how many times can I go without purchasing before I have to buy again? Is there some sort of coffee shop etiquette I'm not aware of? (These are not sarcastic questions btw). I think tonight marked my 4th visit, and to be honest, I was thinking about buying a coffee before I was approached.  Maybe I'm just used to waltzing into my local noisy Starbucks and studying there without purchasing something like *ever*... but I guess I'll be returning there to study from now on.  I may come back when I'm over this, but for now, I'll pass on Two Hands Coffee and I'll probably tell my friends to do the same.  (But if you go, do try their coffee with hazelnut. It's delicious.)	0
"I am a resident at IMT and I like to stop here when I take my pup for a parking. They have poor customer service, boring demeanor, and I feel like the service may need a few shots of coffee themselves. No energy, or welcoming smile at this place. I have years of retail management vibe and this would never fly.  The first time I stepped into the shop a couple weeks ago I was so happy that a coffee shop was so close to my place and I love supporting local! Well.... I peeked my head in to see if it was ok to bring my dog for a short moment to order and go. I saw a woman at a seating near the register with hers so I figured it was fine but wanted to keep us by the door so not to disturb vibe relaxing. The lady's order was called and when she stepped up the service told her next time your dog is not allowed. She said ok sorry and went out in the seating to have her drink. I asked her if she minded that I tie mine by the door  and she told me I come here all the time and have never been told that. I went in ordered and left. I returned the next day and parkinged in with my pup, made him sit next to me by the parking close to the door to be out of the way and we ordered. I asked if it was fine that I order with him and we leave. The guys said, ""yes of course do you want a treat?""  I went in yesterday no problem; stood close to the door and out of the way to order and left with my pup.  Today was not the case. We went to our normal area to order. And stood. No greeting, no I'll be with you in a moment, no acknowledgement. I waited for the service to finish his lively convo with someone he knew and waited. Then he took another order from someone wading around the area. And I waited. Then a couple parkings in and up the counter and when I thought he would turn to take my order he asked for theirs. They didn't know what they wanted and he waited for them to review the menu. All the while i waited. So I left. Home coffee and Starbucks down the street it is. They have great customer service, coffee ok, they want your money and they want you to return."	0
"location on the new and up and coming Rock Rose strip in the Domain, this coffee shop would be a nice compliment to the bars and restaurants there if it wasn't lacking so much. I gave this business two stars for their coffee because the coffee itself was about the only enjoyable part of our vibe. If you're in the area and need a quick pick-me-up I'd still hit this place up over Starbucks... Unless you're in a hurry. If you are, then just forget it.  The vibe is nice, but not quite nice enough for those prime real estate. There just seems to be something missing in the vibe. The place just feels a bit dead and the service didn't seem to add much life into the place either.  My girlfriend and I decided to give this place a shot and were disappointed by the service-time and the service. After placing your order, they hand you a number so that they can deliver it to your seating. We were waiting for what seemed to be much longer than typical for a coffee shop, so I stepped back in from the seating to see if they had forgotten our order. They assured me that they were still working on it... Odd, since we had only seen a couple vibe in line before us. I went back outside to wait some more... Waiting... Waiting... Finally, I went back inside to see what was taking so long. I asked again where things were at and my question was met with a tone that communicated ""we're working on it you impatient customer,"" to which I asked to speak to the manager. Turns out that was the manager, so I asked him to have a word with me after he finished our drinks. He stepped aside and I explained that we felt we'd been waiting for like 20 minutes... And rather than apologizing for the inconvenience, he stopped me, parkinged over to the receipt printer and checked the time stamp on our order so that he could challenge me on how long we had actually been waiting. REALLY!?! A customer is upset about how long things are taking and you want to argue with them about details? Wow! Anyways, 10 minutes. That's how long he admitted it had been already... And our drinks still weren't made. I've visited over 30 coffee shops (literally) in Austin and I can't remember it ever taking that long to make a couple of simple coffee drinks, even with a line in front of me. But the bigger issue was the manager's attitude. He proceeded to ask me with an air of condescension if we were in a hurry ""or something."" He explained that they had had a spill, that they could only pull three shots at a time, etc, etc... I wasn't asking for any freebies or handouts, just some respect and an apologetic tone for taking so long. All I felt like I got was defensiveness.  After waiting outside for a few more minutes, we were finally brought our drinks. There was no offer to make things right or a check to see if anything else could be done to ensure our vibe was a good one. Needless to say the whole thing left a bad taste in our mouths and we won't be returning anytime soon."	0
Small craft alcohol selection, and 3/4-sized food for $9.00 that I saw you pull pre-made from a fridge?  Epic fail.  My only conclusion is that your target market consists of vibe with more money than sense.	0
Pretty good coffee at a location that's good location to me. The deal breaker though is that you can't connect to internet with your company laptop. I came here on a Sunday afternoon an hours and half before my yoga class at Corepower Yoga across the street. Brought my work laptop thinking I could do some work before the yoga class. I price 10 mins trying to connect to their internet and eventually gave up and asked for help. The guy at the counter asked if I was using a company laptop. Apparently they've been having this problem for a while. I've never encountered this at other coffee shops before. I guess I won't return until they fix this problem.	0
The Cajun turkey food is really good. The pour over methods need work for their coffee. I enjoyed the vibe and service. I do plan on returning.	0
I will start with the things that were good.  The space was nice and vibe, there is nice vibe on the walls and the service is great.  I didn't have a hard time parking and there was only a 3 minute wait to order my food.  Full disclosure, I didn't come here for coffee.  I came here to grab a quick food and work for about an hours.  I grabbed a caprese food and the lemon lime ginger echinacea soda.  Unfortunately they were both awful.  I really wanted to like them  I was really hungry and this set me back $13 with tax & tip.  But the food had just been pulled out of the fridge and was a half food- for $7.50, you can just give me the whole thing.  But really it would have just been a whole food of sad.  There was no flavor and the food had been soaked through in places so the texture was gross.  Luckily it came with a bag of chips which was definitely the best part of my food.  Then I tried to wash the chips down with some of the soda and it was so disappointing!  It was over parkingbonated, and also has little flavor.  Maybe they forgot to add sugar to it? I'm not sure.  Anyway, maybe just come here for the coffee and don't stay for the food?	0
I've been to a lot of coffee places all over the country, this one didn't wow me. When I waked in I was overwhelmed with the smell of cleaning supplies and incense or something to that effect. The vibe was kind of bland but the lady behind the counter was pleasant. Coffee was good but not amazing. I think the whole feel was a little lack luster and we got two coffee a large and a small for $11.00. Very nice vibe working but wouldn't go back.	0
I read the reviews and made the long trek from SW Austin...This was a tiny hole in the wall place, with Austin charm. The service was very friendly welcoming and nice...the $6.00 green tea chi late was not so great tasted very watered down..but others say it has been great. Best thing was that service was nice.	0
After recently moving to Austin, I've been looking for a cafe that can replace my old one. The selection and quality of the coffee was very good. The overall vibe of the place is very hipster and the vibe selection helps create that vibe.  My biggest complaint of this cafe, is that there wasn't much in the way of comfy seating. Was looking for a place to sit, read, and drink some coffee. All there was were your standard hard seating and seatings and one couch. However, the couch is just as uncomfortable.  Overall, the coffee and selection made up for the seating arrangement making this a good coffee shop to visit on your way to work!	0
tiny cafe in a strip center off of Cameron Rd. Came in for a large coffee, looked around at the nice vibe work and left shortly after. its a cool spot but cant say too much for the coffee other than it was weak. i might come back bc the service was nice and its relatively close to my area.	0
1)  slow service  2) refridgerator is rusty and old  3) looks like a bad garage sale exploded inside  5) bad coffee	0
Wow horrible misguide by yelpers.  I parkinged 30 minutes to give this place a try.  Never got the chance.  I parkinged in the beyond hot stuffy little dump to be third in line to order.  Looking at the filthy vibe and good price trinkets for sale.  You quickly realize you are waiting for pre packaged food, coffee that takes the guy forever to make while standing at the counter of somebody's kitchen.  Just a bad vibe the second you parking in.  The service should have been faster and not given me the chance to look around the place.  Epic fail yelp.  Horrible location and filthy.  Coffee just can't be that good to overlook the rest of the place, but I will never know.	0
Considering all the great reviews I read about this place before checking it out, I was not impressed with my vibe this morning. The watery coffee and grocery store food I order cost more than $5 and the lady behind the counter was too busy talking to another service member to finish our conversation. Also, in general it bugs me when price aren't posted on the menu.	0
"vibe, small, community-oriented place with landscapes and portraits by local vibeists on the walls. I'm munching on a turkey-basil sammy from ""the greencart"". It's delicious but too tiny to justify the $6.75 price. This would be an excellent place to write an essay undisturbed. The vibe is at waiting seating volume. They honored my 10 percent yelp check-in discount. There are only five other humans here, including service. Bizarre, metallic stars of the prom-decor variety hang from the ceiling, lending a ""we put whatever up""/ absolute lack of pretense/ deeply casual kinda feel, which I profoundly appreciate. They're playing bluegrass and talking about who's playing where tonight. Three stars because it's relatively bad price, coffee tastes a little burnt."	0
I moved to this location right when the new services first took over the cafe. I really wanted to like this place since it is local and close by. I never have a decent vibe at this caf unless the parents are working.  I have gotten food from Corona a few times everything is fine except the food foods. They are never good. The foods always have weird synthetic after taste and are dry. Even salsa can't help those foods.  I brought my visiting family to the cafe 40 minutes before closing. The daughter wasn't flat out rude but needs a little more training in customer service. She asked us if we we're planning on staying to drink our coffee or leaving. We responded we were going to stay and enjoy our coffee. She then proceeded to tell us they were closing soon with that sweet teenage I really want you to leave now face. What she should have done was put our drinks in to go cups and let us sit and enjoy our coffee (mind you the place still had a couple of vibe). I was so frustrated with the service I did not order a drink. My mother and sister were unhappy with their watered down drinks and were disappointed I brought them to Corona Cafe.  This was my worst vibe yet. I will not recommend this place. And I will not go there again.	0
Love love loved the vibe! Every corner of the coffee shop had its own style, and there were swings!!! I ordered the matcha coffee, and it was muy fantastico! Ordering and getting my drink were pretty streamlined. I ordered on an iPad, which included all beverage selections that ranged from coffee to alcohol, desired level of sweetness, and a checkout system. I got my coffee within minutes!  I was hoping for a typical heart or feather on my coffee, but found myself listing out all the possibilities of what the vibe may be. Any ideas?	1
"Love this place!  5 stars for cleanliness 5 stars for fun vibe/ hours space 5 stars for ample seating and comfort 5 stars for good location parking 5 stars for attentive service and fast service  I am definitely a fan Cafe w/ a Soul. I finally found a coffee shop I can study at without sacrificing comfort (Starbucks' uncomfortable seating). The coffee shop endorses social connection, hence, internet  isn't available. It makes me really happy that a lot of students hang out here with their book bags and laptops and we can all just study in peace and somehow vibe (the background vibe can get pretty loud). Unfortunately, there will always be that kid who's obnoxiously loud and would like the whole world to know her business. Seriously, unless it's something intriguing or educational, no one parkinges. In addition, as much ""fun"" as this place looks, it's not child friendly. So parents, make sure your children do not hit the seating in front of it and knock out the chess set. Lastly, the sex images in the bathrooms are definitely not appropriate for children.  The vibe is very much like Austin-- very eccentric and hip! Food and drink presentations are on par. Drink price are reasonable and similar to good ole Starbucks. But unlike you're typical coffee shop, they have real food such as food and foods.  My favorite about this place is the cleanliness. The service do a good service maintaining the place. Also, as I watch them make coffee, they do it with fines as if they're creating some type of vibe, it's pretty cool (in my opinion).  In conclusion, Cafe w/ a Soul is probably the best coffee shop I've ever been to. It's like studying in my own home but away from distractions. I'm awake! Bathroom vibe See all photos from Jay T. for The Factory - Cafe With a Soul"	1
This place has been shown on my social media for days so i finally visited! One of THE cutest and vibeistic looking coffeehops I have ever visited. You can self order which is nice because you can take your time and look at the pictures to help you decide! I especially liked how pictures were shown so I knew which coffee/tea came out aesthetically  I ordered the famous matcha green coffee and i dont usually drink coffee but it went beyond my expectations. They give you a good amount and its creamy and sweet. Only downside is no internet.. So hard to study here. Matcha green tea and living la vida coffee Matcha green tea coffee Interior design See all photos from Sarah L. for The Factory - Cafe With a Soul	1
This is such a cute little cafe! I've driven by this place many times and hadn't noticed it until today. Glad I stopped-the famous food food was delish!	1
Beautiful eccentric coffee shop with a library of peculiar books.  Swings, couches, and pillow corners for cuddle puddles.  Coffee with mint and ways you've never imagined coffee could be made. Try the matcha green tea with soy, creamiest matcha I've ever had.  First time here and already my favorite coffee bar so far. See all photos from Vicki Y. for The Factory - Cafe With a Soul	1
Listed in In Search of Fantastic Coffee So, I really didn't want to write this review. I didn't want to tell anyone how awesome The Factory - Cafe With a Soul is because I don't want it overrun and super busy with no place to sit like so many other decent coffee shops in Austin. I happened to come in here with a friend mid-week and we sat here for several hours, enjoying the peace and vibe, the vibe, and the awesome coffee.  This place is a little eclectic - lots of peculiar vibe, books, games, knick-knacks, and an almost head-scratching drink and food menu. foods and pop tarts...and alcohol? And... coffee mojitos? Well, it works. Whatever is going on here, it works fabulously. They serve Stumptown Coffee, which as someone from the Northwest, I totally appreciate. They also coffee coffee correctly. There is not a hint of bitterness or overcooked milk going on here. The iPad ordering screens are mostly cool, (although they need more options for customization) and the million different types of seating, (couches, pillows, swings, big seating, little seating, bar seating, regular seatings) is both delightful and refreshing. The service make foam vibe - something that I have only seen at Houndstooth here in Austin. Hanging out here was a wonderful vibe - this is a five star establishment, the best coffee house I've been to in Austin, and I will be back - time and time again. Double coffee with tonic water. Beautiful Macha A beary lovely coffee!	1
Really love the vibe here! I frequent coffee shops and this one is definitely unique and worth checking out.  Pros: great vibe Friendly service Good hangout/ study vibe Beautiful vibe Tasty drinks  Cons: no internet Slightly bad price Pretty things Love all the details here. It just has good vibe. Definitely the perfect cafe vibe. See all photos from Sierra L. for The Factory - Cafe With a Soul	1
Checked out The Factory this past Sunday with my husband. We wanted to try their delicious looking foods and were definitely not disappointed.  Husband ordered an iced coffee drink that was delicious, but it wasn't as good as my Golden Age of Milk Tea, well worth the 10 minute wait for the tea to coffee.  We both ordered the Nutella food and it was perfect. From the wood plate with the AMAZING paper liner printed with a famous vibe and an inspirational quote from them. I wanted just the paper because it was so cute and well done. The food is basically half a food, spread with Nutella and a layer of bananas, then folded in half. While small, it was a perfect amount, the bananas balancing out the sweetness of the Nutella. The food itself was crisp perfection, providing a crunch to the food. The menu is very limited: there was the nutella food and a fried food food. I'm hoping they'll eventually serve other foods, but totally respect their decision to start small.  The space is gorgeous. From the swings to the mural above the bar, everything looks meticulously planned out. And here is where my biggest advice comes: this place is really not for kids. The way the seating is set up is really for larger vibe and there is definitely no place for high seating. While there is giant magnetic poetry on one of the columns, a crazy chair outside and a couple of seating games, the giant chess set looks risky for grabby kids. If you have a well-behaved child who can handle it, I would think its fine. However, I watched several families come in and either leave or order to go, commenting it wasn't the best space for them. While this doesn't bother me (I love kidless spaces), it might be jarring to someone expecting to have food with the family.  I am so excited to become a regular here! Great new spot!	1
This place is so cute. New favorite coffee spot on Burnet/in Northcross. Almost wish I was still in grad school,  so I would have an excuse to be there everyday.  Amazing coffee and best food & foods ever! The food was seasoned perfectly and made for a delicious savory food (with the house made slaw they give you on the side). The olive oil food was also awesome, light and sweet. Perfect coffee companion. My husband and I will definitely be back, as we loved everything and felt it was all very reasonable price. Olive oil food, food & food and 15-minutes-of-fame coffee! So good.	1
The greeting of an vibe it feels I created. This place speaks to my free spirited soul, with matcha coffee, swings inside that still fit in, pillows, and foods. This might be the next vibeist home where computers aren't encouraged by the architecture, but books, talking and chess are. Matcha coffee with lactose free milk and house book	1
Craft coffee drinks, tea, and alcohol/wine. Friendly service, good vibe and nice vibe complete with with a few rope swings from he ceiling. And let's not forget the amazing foods!! Nice place to chill with friends.	1
Guys, this place is amazing. Limited food menu but both food offerings will blow you away! Crazy good spices on the food. The coffee and matcha were both stellar as well. Service was friendly and efficient. The space is stunning and vibe. Highly recommend. Will be my new go-to relaxation spot in the area.	1
What a fantastic vibe. I dropped in to catch up on some work and found a fantastic vibe and a great service. I wish I could work here every day. I had the Darling pour-over and olive food, and camped out near the pop-art fabric fire in the fireplace nook. Wallace (owner) and his team were spot-on with service and help. Full disclosure: The place is so beautiful on the inside that I Instagrammed it - couldn't help it, I claimed it for my own, like dozens of other folks. Highly recommended, so get here when you can!	1
This place is amazing! No internet, but that's fine. it's meant to be a place to hang out with friends, socialize or by yourself reading a good book!	1
I never write Yelp reviews, ever. But when I parkinged in here it felt like I was in a hipster Alice in wonderland. The vibe is spot on and they left no details out. The Marymint Monroe is really amazing and the food and food is really good. The service is so wonderful too, you could tell they really love what they're doing. The swings are a nice touch too!	1
I really enjoyed my visit here. I ordered the coffee and food food. Both were excellent.  The space is very Instagram worthy.  Awesome mural. service was very friendly too and I loved the iPad ordering system. food food and coffee paired with sparkling water to cleanse the palate	1
The Factory Cafe is overall such a beautiful and really cool place to just hang out with friends or work on homework. You'll probably see the vibe around you taking the time to perfect their aesthetic Instagram pictures and Snapchat stories (myself included). Although the cafe itself doesn't provide internet, it's within range of other places with internet so that shouldn't deter you from going! This place looks like it literally came straight off of Pinterest! So cute!	1
My only complaint and desire and heart wish is for this place to be hours longer and to allow for internet. This place makes my heart happy, it motivates me to study because I want to come here, and it makes me wish I had time to settle and read a wonderful book. The vibe is PERFECT, the workers are GENEROUS AND KIND, it's a beautiful place to be.	1
Came in on the first day of hoursing, hours currently 6am-2pm. At some point they'll stay hours till 12 midnight. I think this might be the most beautiful cafe in Austin, the interior is charming, snazzy, vibe. There's even a pair of swings to sit on while you enjoy your coffee and play a game of chess. I ordered the Marymint Monroe, basically a mint mojito. It's been a while since I've been to Philz coffee so it's hard to compare, but I think the Marymint is a little creamier. Also had the banana nutella food, bananas and nutella are always a winning combination, can't go wrong there. No internet yet but I'm sure it will come soon. Friendly service, delicious offerings, antique filament lightbulbs and best of all, Bieber and MJ high above on a mural watching over you. This place is aces. Golden age of milk tea See all photos from Khang H. for The Factory - Cafe With a Soul	1
This place is really nice. They have done a great service... It's the type of place that you could spend hours in. They have a small menu right now, but their drinks, foods, and food are really well made. We'll definitely be coming back soon.... like tomorrow. Viva Matcha coffee and Pop-art	1
I got food wasted at The Factory!!! Not your average coffee shop! Super social without internet, novel idea!	1
Marymint Monroe  + food and foods samich = my favorite cafe in Austin.  ... Ohhh and vibe is pretty sweet too	1
Cute, eclectic furniture and lots of things to do! Gorgeous seating vignettes, lots of space, classy vibe. Only thing to watch out for--no internet...not really a place to do work or study, but great place to chill! My friends and I (6 of us total) found space to play a board game, and had a blast!	1
This place is fantastic! Ideal place for grabbing a frothy matcha coffee and a food & food. A bit different in the way that you order. Definitely a nice hang-out for millenials or anyone who works in the area and is on a food break. internet is within reach but they don't have it themselves.	1
Enthusiastic and earnest desire to be excellent, try new things and develop new menu ideas, smiles, not in your face - best almond pound food I've ever had (worth the 5 stars alone), and a fantastic cup of red rooibos iced tea.  next to Hanabi.  fantastic new spot.	1
The factory is gonna be my new coffee spot. No words can describe the Amazing vibe upon parking in. Comfortable seating, hip vibe, great interior finishes and seating games. The intuitive ipad ordering system was quite fascinating as well with its ease of use. Great service and tastes great! Great service!	1
I was so pleasantly surprised by this place! I only went because I had time to kill and they were the only coffee shop nearby hours until 2 am. But I'm so glad I tried it out. It's not your typical Austin coffee shop. The quality of the drinks here was top notch, and they offer unique food and drinks. I had the macha coffee (I think that's what it was called) and it was fantastic! The vibe were so friendly, the vibe was beautiful, with plenty of comfortable seating (including swings from the ceiling!), and it was just the perfect place to chill with friends. I'll definitely be coming back!	1
Love this place. I really appreciate the lack of internet. Makes it much easier to have good conversations or lose yourself in a good book. Agree that it's a bit bad price, but the drinks are really good.	1
Great coffee, food and vibe! Love the set-up. Order on an iPad and they call your name out when your food is ready.	1
Super cute place for lounging and chatting up with a friend. The food and food was delicious. food was cooked to perfection! Super moist food with fluffy food...more of a food than a food, so don't go here expecting to be filled with a food.	1
First time checking this place out first time. Pretty swag. Nice assortment of drinks. I got the 15 minutes of fame. Also got the poptart. Delicious!  Next time I'll try the Marymount Monroe. Will definitely come back soon.	1
The matcha coffee are amazing! Great vibe, great food and drink, and everything is plated beautifully. The kind of place where you can tell the service take pride in their work. I'll definitely be back often.	1
First to Review The Factory is AWESOME! What a great spot! I had the food and foods (new take, but I now have cravings for them!), the homemade Poptart was so fun and such a delight. In terms of beverages got the drink with the chicory in it (I'm a big chicory fan) and it was perfect!	1
"This spot is super cute (""like eating in a Pottery Barn""), with drinks that are unique and with a somewhat limited menu. We tried the food and foods, which was surprisingly delicious and our drinks were also tasty. I had the Livin La Vida coffee and my husband had the pour over. I will definitely return with company, but price weren't good enough to make this a regular stop in our rotation."	1
Love the Factory. Good coffee, tasty food and foods and awesome vibe. Definitely recommend the Nutella food.	1
AMAZING vibe! I parkinged around for 5 minutes looking at everything before even ordering.  Most unique take on food and foods I've ever had. Hands down best night time hangout in North Austin. P.S.... their Matcha coffee is to die for!	1
I am very impressed with this place. The food portions were so perfect and not mention delicious! The food architects (staff) were all so accommodating and nice. We were able to talk to one of the services for a bit and he was very helpful with his recommendations and accurate. I highly recommend this place. I will definitely be coming back when I am in Austin again. Nutella and Banana foods. food and foods, Olive Oil Pound food, and Milk Tea! Yummy.	1
Amazing coffee! food banana and nutella is incredible! Beautiful place! The service is great! Everything is just perfect!	1
The cafe is beautiful, the coffee was fantastic and very well presented, and the food was delicious. Must try!	1
Working with Sophie is an amazing, unique vibe. Her creativity blows me away every single time. I would Highly recommend booking her for your next event!	1
My wife and I used Sophie and her team to organize all the details of a 1914-themed party to celebrate the 100th birthday of our house.  Every detail was perfect (and there were LOTS of details: vintage dance lessons, tin type photography, absinthe fountains and period vibe and food), her team was delightful and everyone who came had a fantastic time.  We've hosted countless parties, and I can confidently say that this was the best one we have ever had, thanks to Sophie.  I highly recommend their services.	1
I have worked with Sophie and her team and they are just such a pleasure! Fantastic and actually vintage pieces, great attention to detail, and so many different and creative ways to customize each party and make it your own. And she crafts too! I bought one of her lovely china tea cup stands for a friends Christmas gift and it was absolutely marvelous, just like everything else Sophie touch! Can't wait to work with you again, Sophie! I wish I could have my own tea party!	1
Sophie and her marvelous service hosted my engagement/ our birthday party. It was a 1020s themed putting on the ritz. Best party I have ever had and her service is so fun and professional. Along with Sophie herself who is all class and grace. She put so much detail into my party, it was better than I could ever imagine. Thank you so much for the best night ever and taking all the stress away.	1
Sophie hosted an amazing vintage tea party for my daughter's girl scout troop. The vibe was beautiful, she creates a wonderful vibe. The girls had an amazing time and loved every minute of it. My daughter even asked if she can have a tea party for her birthday. It was just a wonderful vibe. Thank you Sophie!	1
First to Review Loved having Sophie come out and put together a tea party at my house...she is a doll and so professional. Enormously helpful that she also offers vintage hair and makeup services; my girlfriends and I were able to go all out! Definitely a unique vibe...it's not your grandmother's tea party, that's for sure  :)	1
Sophie at Marvelous Vintage Tea Party Company was absolutely amazing to work with. She puts in a huge amount of time and effort into planning exactly what you want at a budget you are comfortable with. What I especially liked about this was the fact that she's willing to let vibe handle certain aspects of the event if they'd like to make their budget smaller. For example, she suggested we purchase our own flowers at wholesale. She also has connections with a liquor merchant in Austin that allows you 15% off your alcohol purchases for the event--a fantastic deal! In terms of venue, a MVTPC celebration can be hosted anywhere in the Austin areas--Sophie was more than willing to drive to Round Rock to make our celebration happen. Finally, Sophie's attention to detail and vast selection of vintage vibe and delicious menu selections are sure to make your celebration a HUGE success!	1
I randomly ended up and at one of these vintage tea parties a few months ago for one of my buddy's 30th B-day! What a delightful vibe! I have no point of comparison, because there is nothing like this in Texas, and for all i know the states! I was invited and prompted to dress in a colorful vintage suit, as the theme for our gentlemen's tea party was FILM NOIR. Delicious fresh food, alcohol, whiskey, tea, laughs, and french gypsy jazz vibe accompanied our afternoon! Sophie, our fabulous host and service is on to something! Sophie and her ladies, catered to all our needs and ensured a beautiful memory i will never forget!	1
Omg Sophia the service is amazing. She is so professional and delightful to work with. Her inventory of  vibe is so beautiful .I threw a mad hatters tea party bridle shower for a dear friend and rented  all the vibe from the marvelous vintage tea party co. It helped really set off my party. Everybody was amazed .Sophia is a angel and would highly recommend her to anyone.	1
Sophie !  Is simply amazing ! She made my event beyond wonderful. It was a lovely unique baby shower!  The marvelous vintage tea party was beyond my expectations ! The food was delicious, the vibe was astounding , and not to forget the amazing miss Sophie and service were very professional  and excellent. I highly recommended this amazing company for anyone's party !	1
Vintage heart has the best cold coffee in Austin. There I said it. I've worked at a few coffee shops and I still give them this kudos.  I love this east side coffee shop. It's vibe, the service is friendly, most of the patrons keep to themselves while they work on laptops, read, etc.  Always a pleasure to return. Looking forward to the next visit.	1
Updated review 3 check-ins Cutest little coffee shop in town. So hip and perfect for reading a book or enjoying a vibe cup of coffee. The vibe is chill and relaxed and the vibe is a lovely mix of industrial and shabby chic.  I normally get coffee here and they are hot, not too sweet and delicious. The coffee are also well done with no bitterness. Very consistent quality! My favorite food nom noms used to be the doughnuts (coffee and lavender are kick ass), the blueberry scone (100% the shit) and the ham/mozz and turkey/provolone food which (I swear to God) weigh at least one pound each, but I think their vendor went out of business....? The foods are heated for you and they give you SO MUCH bang for your buck. Feels like a chipotle burrito without the diarrhea. Not sure what food they offer there now since I've moved from ATX, but I feel 100% confident that they only select the best of vendors.  Fav fav coffee shop in town and location near other cool east side hotspots! #synergy	1
Vintage Heart Coffee is by far the best coffeehouse to study/read/work in Austin. The shop has very vintage and cute vibes. Background vibe is not overwhelming and it is a vibe coffeehouse! it is pretty small but has plenty of seating. internet everywhere, that's always a pls!  My favorite coffee are lavender iced coffee and vanilla iced coffee. Very strong coffee flavor with fresh milk and their homemade flavors. Fantastic!  Love this place. I always feel very accomplished coming here and getting things done. Ps. The services are very nice, they let you bring food truck food here.	1
Cute shop where coffee is no joke. Ask about the homemade syrups! coffee, lavender, vanilla and rosemary.  Fave concoctions: + iced soy vanilla coffee (the best!) + cold coffee with coffee syrup + almond milk + lavender - vanilla coffee Iced lavender and vanilla soy coffee!	1
This place is literally so cute. I only got coffee to go this time but I'll definitely come back and study here. parking is a little limited in the lot but there's a price to parking on the street. You only need to price tues-Saturday 6pm-12 am. Internet password is ilovepuppies  This place offers coffee and little treats. They make their own syrups so it's super delicious and blends well into the coffee rather than stick at the bottom like Starbucks. I got a vanilla coffee and my BF got the lavender coffee. Both were delicious! It was a good amount of sweet. I'm not a huge fan of lavender but I actually enjoyed it! It has a really nice fragrant taste and not too overpowering.  This is probably going to become one of my go tos. I'm pretty obsessed with the vibe in here: cute paintings, succulents, lights....basically tumblr hipster lol. Vanilla coffee	1
A 6 vibe lounge bar splaid through the middle concave of this modern day coffee tavern sets a mood of rustic and yet alive. The service accommodated my off menu tea coffee with almond milk and got it frothy, a tricky thing to do. The trickster was even in a band and I played his song through my phone waves. Really epic, check out brand new stew on youtube. If you're looking for old Austin vibe come drink here.  coffee are local and human friendlified.	1
"I was looking for a not too busy, not too loud coffee shop recently that would be good location to two of us coming from location and one coming from Northeast Austin. Harder to find than you would think... A friend mentioned she thought Vintage Heart was not too loud and I might like it.  Done!  Made that appointment and showed up early to scope the place out. There were a few vibe scattered here and there at 1pm midweek, but it really made me happy that the vibe was not obtrusive and I could find a place to parking.  The counter service were very pleasant and helpful, and I put in my order for a Cinnamon coffee after perusing all of the options. (Um, did I mention they have food goods from Russell's food? - Thankfully not the parkingrot or Italian cream food, because those are my diet kryptonite!)  My coffee came out and was really beautifully done. I have to admit my first thought was,""I bet this is going to have that fruity after taste I often notice in high end coffee.""  Nope. It was exquisite. Dark but not burnt, no fruity tones and no bitter aftertaste. Amazing coffee flavor!  I thought it might be just mine, but my friends who ordered two other flavors of coffee had the same vibe. They both said, ""This is the best coffee I have had in Austin.""  Nice service, Vintage Heart! I will be back and will bring more friends.  Note: I would have happily shared this review on Facebook, but for some reason it kept picking up your sign in the women's bathroom as the image, and that is NOT something I want to post. Just a heads up."	1
"Totally the Austin vibe we were searching for. The vibe in the back parking lot was kickass and beautiful, and the drinks inside didn't disappoint. Bae remarked that this was ""hands down the best vanilla coffee I've had."" I had a Violet Femme iced tea (lavender earl grey) that was super.  The reason it gets five stars: our service was super friendly and accommodating. She asked us - yes asked us - if we needed the internet password. And I nearly passed out with cuteness overload when she gave it to us (that's a secret that you'll have to stop by to vibe). She also gave us a ton of places to check out for food and hanging; they were spot on and totally our pace and level of weirdness.  All in all, this place was cool and delicious without being pretentious."	1
Super cute place, and my only critique is that there is not enough parking. I came here on a Sunday so thankfully street parking was free. Idk if I would've bothered to stay and price for parking on any other day of the week.  There could also be more seating...  I ordered an iced parkingamel coffee, but they don't have parkingamel. This ended up being totally fine because they have other things like vanilla, lavender, chai, coffee, and cinnamon.  I ended up getting an iced vanilla cinnamon coffee and oh my gosh so so good. Fast and friendly service also is a plus.  A lot of natural vibe and good noise level. It can be vibe at times and slightly noisy at other times. I like to be in coffeehops that aren't too vibe or loud so this place was the perfect in between.	1
I really enjoyed my vanilla coffee and also enjoyed the vibe. The service behind the counters was very friendly and helpful. The only thing was the parking situation was not ideal but typical Austin. I will be going back soon.	1
This is one of my favorite coffee shops. They've always had the friendly service. It's small enough to be vibe, but big enough to find seating. vibe seems low enough to feel comfortable, but not dark enough to wear you couldn't read a book. I had the privilege of meeting the service shortly after they hoursed, and knowing who is behind the business makes me want to support it even more. My favorite drink here is a hot coffee. They use excellent coffee and always make an excellent drink!	1
One of my favorite coffee shops in town. I like to bring vibe here because this place is unique and unlike any other. The vibe is fresh and quirky and the establishment is VERY clean. parking is a little difficult but if the lot is full you can parking on a side street to parking there. My favorite drink is the iced vanilla coffee with lavender. I would never think to put lavender in my drink but it's SO delightful. I highly recommend! It's a good spot to chill and relax. Also, the service is super friendly and nice. Keep it up, service! :)	1
Cute little coffee shop on the east side one of my favorite places to get my morning vanilla lavender coffee :) The only negative thing I have to say about this place is that during the summer months it gets really hot inside. Which makes it not very enjoyable for vibe trying to relax and study. Besides that I love the vibe and the coffee is top notch!	1
I work at the food truck next door and Vintage Heart's coffee and cold coffee is the fuel that keeps me running. Dark, strong, fresh coffee! Only suggestion is to upgrade AC system as it does get stuffy inside when its a full house.	1
I am a picky vibe when it comes to coffee. I rarely drink it due to my heightened sense of taste and smell. The burnt beans and acidic flavor can sometimes be overwhelming at certain places. Vintage Heart Coffee is one of the very few places where I love to go and actually get myself a cup of coffee. Their lavender coffee is UH-MAY-ZING. I really liked it with the almond milk, too. It has this subtle scent of lavender and fooded marshmallow. The vibe is so cute and vibe, yet very vibesy and trendy! Their service is really great and the location is great if you are in central Austin. If I had the money and lived closer, I would come here every day! The building is covered in vibe on the outside, too. There is not much parking available but many vibe parking or ride their bicycles here so I have never had trouble actually finding parking. I bring my sister here every time she is in town from Dallas along with all of my close friends who are coffee lovers. I wish they would hours a location up north but until then I will make my drive down to this location every time I crave the lavender coffee. I'm thankful that such a delightful drink exists in Austin!! hehe	1
We went to many places in Austin within 2 days and Vintage Heart is absolutely my favorite local coffee shop. I love the location, the vibe and of course, the drinks. It was so vibe and very friendly, a suitable place to sit and talk for hours with  whoever you're with or just meet that day. I ordered the Lavender coffee and although I loved it, I had to say the Vanilla coffee my friend had was so much better. The outside was pretty spacey at well;  if the weather allowed I would have totally hung out at the porch. The colored wall is a nice touch, we took a few pictures using it as a background. Food trucks next door Cute interior See all photos from Thao T. for Vintage Heart Coffee	1
Yum!!! Came here straight off the plane to get some coffee in my system. Was great coffee and friendly service. Seemed like a great place to either grab some coffee to go or post up for a while.	1
This is always such a nice stop before/after a visit to Takoba. It's never vibeed and the quality of their coffee is just so top notch.	1
Listed in Austin coffee Essentials The Location: Looks like your average Austin hipster coffee joint- next to a couple food trucks, graffiti vibe, small lot in the back for parking. Might seem like an awkward spot to find at first. As for the inside, I love the vibe - chic, modern and comfortable with plenty of seating and sophisticated vibe.  The Drinks: So far, I have tried the vanilla coffee, coffee, and lavender coffee. Everything I've had is honestly very good; I haven't tried anything here that I didn't like. coffee soy coffee was good but vanilla was better, and iced soy coffee was really light and refreshing. Their hot coffee are light, smooth, and not too sweet. I highly recommend the lavender coffee. Once you get it, nothing else will compare, anywhere.  The Service: Generally slow; when I go, there is usually one vibe working for a long line, but they are very friendly and efficient and definitely know what they're doing. Worth any wait!  Overall: Definitely my new favorite coffee shop in Austin. Great vibe, great coffee.	1
Hands down one of my favorite coffee shops in Austin. It's a small place, but I normally come in the mornings and it isn't that vibeed. I love the vibe in this place. It's very conducive to studying and the service are so nice.  I would highly recommend the lavender coffee or vanilla coffee. You will NOT be disappointed! The coffee is also really good!  The only downside is that parking can be tricky here. There's a very small parking lot. I believe there are three seating in the front and a few more in the back. Just try to come when it's not busy and you should be fine. Vanilla coffee.	1
"Updated review 16 check-ins Updating only to say that Monica and Courtney are the sweetest service around!  They both know my ""usual!""  Such a great location spot!"	1
I wanted to go to Vintage Heart because they coffee Third Coast coffee, which is my favorite in town. I was not at all disappointed.  Beautiful, modern farmhouse vibe -- white walls mixed with wooden furniture. Between couches, seatings, and bar stools, there are a variety of seating arrangements. There were only a few vibe at 10 am, which gave a nice vibe vibe.  service was friendly and welcoming. The coffee she served me was amazing, and I enjoyed a donut from Red Rabbit Cooperative.  There are many places to get coffee on the East side, but this should really be your first choice. coffee and the vibe.	1
Great coffee, nice vibe, and Mike is an awesome service! They also make their own syrups- I highly recommend their iced lavender coffee.	1
This is my go to coffee shop. I stop here at least 5 times a week before heading into work. Super friendly service and great coffee.  The aroma of coffee permeates throughout the building and the smell alone is enough to help wake me up and get my day going.	1
This place is soooo rockin! The service are always friendly and setting makes it very comfortable to work, sip, or simply breathe in peace. The selection of gluten free treats are pretty spectacular, making it even more of a joy to be there.  Def check this place out! Tis the season for tea :-)	1
This place is so cute!  Given that this is finals season for UT students, I expected to have issues finding a seating or parking, but I really didn't, which was a nice surprise. Given, I did come Thursday around noon. But never once was the place packed during my time here--in fact, it was pretty empty, which was also a surprise given that it's a pretty small space. This was only my second visit here because normally when I try to come on the weekends, it seems to be super packed.  There's a lot of natural light, and the color scheme is easy on the eyes, and the vibe is super cute! I also don't get the pretentious Austin hipster vibe. Another plus is that the aesthetic of Vintage Heart is insta-worthy! haha  The vibe is very conducive to studying--a variety of seating arrangements from a bar area to couches to normal seating and seatings, the internet is free and fast (and has an adorable password!), internet are abundant (though awkwardly placed in some seating), the vibe is good and soft enough so it doesn't distract. It seems like there's a mixture of vibe who come--middle aged vibe getting some work done, yuppies perusing through a newspaper/magazine, college students studying, etc. Everyone seems to be very friendly and focused on their tasks. The whole vibe is pretty chill but for some reason, everyone seems to be getting in the zone pretty easily. But then again, maybe I just came at a good time.  A cute sidenote: they don't have typical napkins. They have cute, printed cloths! It's the little details about this place that make me so happy.  In terms of the beverages, the first time I came, I got a hot vanilla coffee, and this time I got an iced vanilla coffee. I also tried my friend's iced coffee, too. All of the beverages were pretty spot on. The coffee didn't have notes of a super dark, rich coffee, which I'm vibeally ok with. Slightly too sweet, but I prefer my coffee on the bitter side. price are on par with other places in Austin.  The service are also very friendly, patient and seem like normal humans.  Overall, this is one of my favorite coffee seating in Austin! I vibeally love the vibe and the beverages. The only cons are the small-ish parking lot and the slightly dirty bathroom, but the vibe of it is cute for what they had to work with haha.  10/10 would come again. and again. and again.	1
I found this unique coffee shop close to my house.  I got the iced vanilla coffee with a turkey food food.  Perfect & on point.  Both workers super friendly & helpful. Free WiFi is a plus.  I will be back!	1
Smooth delicious cold coffee. So good. Did I mention smooth? Like without cream and sugar or syrup it was so smooth. wholehearted 5 stars just on that!	1
Cute little placed hidden away in plain sight on E 7th (the sign isn't hanging, so you'll need to look for the address). We stopped in during a Saturday morning parking and were pleasantly surprised with the friendly service, calming vibe, and the quality of our coffee, cold coffee, and cinnamon roll. Will definitely add this to our list of east side favorites! Delicious! And apparently they parkingry bagels from Rockstar too! Next time ;)	1
Beautiful place, nice vibe and super nice vibe working. I swear on my life I love this place! So vibesy and vibey I love this so much the jars are super cute Moms cold coffee See all photos from Diana D. for Vintage Heart Coffee	1
Sometimes I feel like I give out 5 stars a little too. Easily. But what can I say, when there's and amazing cold coffee coffee, and that's all you order. Well. 5 stars.	1
Was visiting Austin for SXSW and luckily discovered this place. I've never felt more welcome and comfortable away from home. The vibe isn't too loud and isn't the top 40 hit garbage often heard in coffee shops. (Alabama Shakes was playing during my last visit.) The customer service exceeded my expectations which is rare. These aren't the average millennial service who seem to hate themselves and their services. These service seem genuinely happy and devoted to making sure you get what you need. Places like this are bittersweet because it makes me painfully aware that there aren't any coffee shops as good as this one where I'm from.  Oh, and the internet is fast, too! About 6 megs down if you're the only one using it.	1
This is my new favorite coffee shop in Austin. Really. Clean, quaint, cute, and great service. The lavender coffee was wonderful. I wish there were a location further north--I'd go every day!	1
Great coffee, good location location and the most friendly service. I've been coming here for two years and it's my favorite coffee shop in Austin. The service Mallory always looks for feedback and really parkinges about the vibe. If you work remote, this is a great place to do so.	1
Darn good coffee , had the coffee and it was exactly as it was supposed to be, delicious.  service is stellar, can't say enough good things about this place. Highly recommend, big thumbs up!	1
I am an expert on all things coffee and I say vintage heart is the closest thing to the perfect coffee/cappuccino I've ever tasted!! If I had any suggestion it would be LAVENDER LATTE!!!! The coffee is naturally smooth and not bitter and the lavender gives it an herbal sweetness with no bitter aftertaste! It is just great. And so cute. And the coffee vibe is grand. Lavender coffee perfection It's so cute in here. My best advice? GET A LAVENDER LATTE!!! it'll change your life.	1
So I'm not a coffee guy. Never was interested and yada yada. Until one day this girl (now gf) comes into my life explaining how amazing coffee is and etc. I decided, Yelp show me a good coffee place to bring her to and one for me to try and enjoy. I wasn't disappointed.  Vintage coffee is location in an awkward spot, and it looks normal and all until you hours that front door and BAM! You suddenly are inside of this well kept modern scenic coffee shop! Really the vibe is partially why I love this place.  I wish I could explain more about coffee but sorry, I know nothing except that I enjoy my soy vanilla coffee which is light on the flavor but just enough to give me that sweet taste! My girlfriend absolutely adores this location and points out that their coffee is pretty good so do yourself a favor and come check this place out!  P.S. The location is fantastic for pictures coffee with some cute designs	1
Cute, comfy place for a iced tea or coffee. Free internet and friendly service. Can't go wrong for a place to cool off during the summer.	1
I have lived near this place for several months but only got around to trying it recently after a food at Hightower (a restaurant whose only food downside is their average coffee). From the outside, Vintage Heart looks a little run down and not very impressive. However, inside its a very impressive and well-run coffee shop. I usually get their full French press and share it with someone else, but all of their coffee options are delicious. Like most good coffee shops, their service are always very knowledgable and it is a comfortable, relaxing place to hang out for awhile. There's a lot of good options on the east side, and this is definitely on that list.	1
I must say that they have one of the best vanilla coffee in the area! Whenever I'm in Austin I make sure to stop here and get one! It's one of the best that I have had hear in Austin! Highly recommend!	1
Great iced coffee: sweet but flavorful and not dilute at all. Their coffee was a little bitterer than I expected, though. Still a really nice place to hang out and they have great choice in coffee, too.	1
Listed in coffee Boost I hella love this place.  Patrick and Lorenzo are great. You can tell that they love coffee because of the great selection of beans and innovative drinks - they recently won Austin Chronicle's 'Coffee Innovation' award! They are incredibly knowledgeable and friendly too. I feel like each time I come, I'm picking their brains about coffeeing coffee at home. One time, Patrick gave me some grounds to compare for home and pellets to clean out my coffee grinder. Friendly, passionate, and knowledgable folks.  The drinks taste great, and the morning ritual is a nice 'treatyoself.'  I get excited each time I come to Fleet! Look forward to coming back again and again.	1
I liked this coffee shop a lot! It is a small place, but very comfortable. The service is a excellent coffee maker and any kind of coffee you choose will be delicious. I prefer coffee without sugar and to follow a simple food. And so begins my day.  The place is close ACC Eastview, so you can visit after or before the class with friends. A coffee and a food	1
4.5. The services of Fleet Coffee are some of the best service in town and their coffee shop is representative of their attention to detail and vibeistic abilities.  I'm always fascinated with the accentuated taste of a coffee or coffee when there is vibework! Granted it is harder to take the first sip, because you won't want to mess up the coffee vibe.  Fleet uses extremely high quality coffee beans to make their concoctions. Speaking of concoctions, they have several creations with ingredients you wouldn't typically think of combining.  They all mix well together and you'll start to stray from your usual cup of coffee.  Grab a Saturday Morning Ritual infused with fruity pebble milk! They'll even put a homemade fruity pebble treat on the plate. They make them in-house (I've seen these bad boys coming out of the oven and being cut up for service).  If you like your coffee with a bit of a citrus kick, indulge in the E.T.  It's brilliant.  If you just want a coffee, that's fine too. They're exquisite.  Check out their beautifully designed and built seating furnished with wood-crafted seatings and seating.  They have internet too, if you need a spot to connect.  You'll love this place like I do. I hope. E.T. On the left and iced coffee on the right. Cutest pillows in the shop. coffee	1
My new favorite coffee shop in Austin! (And that's saying something)  The interior is a bit small, and there's not a lot of seating, but it's vibe if you can find a seating. However, they have a larger outdoor seating, so when the weather is nicer, that'll be my go-to spot. I had the opportunity to chat with the service, Patrick, and he's super nice and funny - it's nice to have a service who chats with you and isn't stuck up! Their coffee is great and it comes in these bright blue cups that is aesthetically pleasing to me (#instaworthy). I will definitely come back to get a quick study sesh or to catch up with friends!  Great customer service + great coffee + great space = 5 stars for me! coffee in bright blue cups! Interior feat. service/owner Patrick	1
Wonderful coffee shop! I went several weeks ago with a friend and all our kids. It was fairly straightforward to find, with parking in front. There are several picnic seatings outside, which is always nice to find on a sunny, spring day in Austin! There is also lots of space outside that has the potential for either more seatings or other things.  Inside, the shop is immaculately clean and simple. They designed the indoor space well considering the building itself is in a bit of a V shape. I know the shop is owned by two guys, one of whom I'm not familiar with, but Patrick I remember from Caffe Medici. I'm happy for the launch of his business, since I remember him being an exceptionally good service at Medici.  They have a very creative menu. I wish I could remember off the top of my head some of the unique items they had, but on the day we came in we just kept it simple. I had a cafe au coffee  with almond milk, which was excellent.  Service was great and very welcoming. Even the bathroom was clean, which is always appreciated when you go places with kids.  hourss are also easy to remember - 7 AM to 7 PM!  Definitely check out this place! Menu	1
I love this place. I'm a bit of a coffee aficionado and I know a good coffee shop when I visit one; this is the real deal. Just recently hoursed and running like a dream. The two services are the sole service at this joint, and that seems to work because they are seemingly good friends (to vibe and each other). Funnily enough, in talking to one of the service, we found that we had a few common friends from the KCMO coffee scene!! The coffee world is small[ish].  The indoor space at Fleet is tight, but I think it works to encourage vibe to spend some time outdoors or get friendly with their neighbors. The inside is a smallish trapezoid with a low bench online wall and a high bar at another (along the window). Outside, they have several picnic seatings and who doesn't love some good ol' vitamin D?  They have the essential coffee items that one expects, but they also have some interesting drinks they've conjured up for the adventurous coffee drinker. A donut-infused milk drink, a root alcohol coffee beverage, and a delightfully crisp drink which I this is best described as a coffee version of a gin&tonic (obviously, minus the tonic). I tried the coffeer one on my second visit there, and it was AWESOME.  First time I visited, I asked for an iced pour over, and they said they could do that, but their iced coffee was actually coffeeed as a pour over and was ready  l'instant...so yeah, I went with that. It was some of the best iced coffee I've ever had.  I anticipate being rather regular at this coffee shop. Cheers!! I forget what this is called	1
Absolutely fantastic! This is my new favorite coffee shop in Austin. The vibe and passion for coffee-making shines through here.  Definitely try the Morning Ritual if you're a fan of donuts. Just do it, you won't regret it. They have two options for coffee and I tried both kinds in a coffee and they were delicious. They also have three different coffee beans for pour overs. Again, I tried all three and my taste buds were in heaven. The food and foods are tasty as well.    The place itself is quaint and vibe with a chill vibe. Inside is a bit small but they have a seating with long seatings so it's nice to sip delicious coffee outside.  Service is extremely friendly. I've been served by Lorenzo and Patrick and they both are always happy to strike up a conversation. It's intriguing watching them make drinks because their coffee-making process is so technical, precise and neat looking.  Fleet has gained a loyal customer and this place has become my new addiction Two different coffee options and tried them in a coffee. Both were delicious! coffee and blueberry food	1
"This shop is one of my favorites in Austin and there is a ton of competition in this city! The space is beautiful. Nothing extravagant, just enough. The service was welcoming and knowledgable about everything we inquired about, even the tea and its benefits. A lot of coffee shops I've been to tend to know a lot about their coffee, but that's where it stops. The iced tea my mom had was tasty and helped her upset stomach. Our coffee was wonderful. We also ordered two seasonal drinks that were both creative and well balanced. They weren't too crazy or overly sweet and both tasted great. I kind of wish I had one right now. Seasonal drink: ""Sandia"" iced coffee, fresh fruit punch, simple syrup, bitters and mint Really love this space Fruity pebble milk and coffee HELL YES"	1
Listed in Best of the East Side, Coffee Shops for Writers Fleet makes a fabulous addition to East Austin's cafe scene. I thank the coffee gods for bringing such a great small business to my location.  The cafe offers a bunch of original coffee concoctions. I prefer the simple coffee drinks, especially the coffee. The coffee is Goldilocks perfect: not too hot, not too cold, not too bitter. But on a hot day, the Claro is great: this is Fleet's lemony twist on an ice-coffee meets alcohol shandy (without the alcohol).  If you are hungry Fleet offers food and foods for food. I'm not sure if there are all-day food offerings.  The space on vibe stretch of Webberville road is small with a simple aesthetic: concrete, wood, tile, and glass. There are two large picnic seatings outside if you want to spread out.	1
Very friendly guys running this cafe! I enjoyed my iced coffee, and The Morning Ritual (cortado infused with donuts) was on point! I really felt like I was drinking liquid donuts. They say they're looking at making drinks inspired by Momofuku Milk Bar so think something like fruity pebbles infused coffee. Yum. There's seating inside and outdoors, plus a clean bathroom. You can easily find street parking and there are a few parking seating right in front. Iced Coffee	1
